Hey, hey, you stinky trash picker
Can you come in?
I have an appointment here
Got an appointment here
Do you know what this place is?
Junhe Hotel
This is a seven-star hotel in the chemical industry.
People who come in and out of here are either rich or expensive
Just you too
How to be a small security guard?
That gave you a sense of superiority.
Go go go go go
I'll tell you what.
I've seen a lot of people like you
Delusions climb to wealth by meeting big people
Bah ah ah ah
What is this army arguing about?
Disturbing the closeness of nobles
I just woke up and you gave me a lottery name, two sons.
Make trouble here
Hurry up and kick people out of me
It also affected the recruitment of distinguished guests on the old night
It's me who invited you on a good Sunday night.
Ha ha.
You are the one who recruits the elderly to go to bed
What's up?
Mr. Zhao wants to talk to you about collecting junk business?
Go away boy
I'll see you later, you'll give you good fruit to eat?
Sunday and he can see me
That's his pleasure.
Boy, you are dreaming of eating people
I think you have a risk certificate, right?
Hurry up and kick him out of me
Go go roll roll roll roll
Has my distinguished guest arrived?
Here we are. Here we are.
The Xu family's engagement party is waiting for you
I'll show you the way.
What engagement party?
Then you are
He's here to pick me up.
Get out now
How can you talk to Mr. Si?